---
title: "Drum Leaf Book"
excerpt: "Failing at Books (Again)"
sidebar:
  - title: "A wild ?????? has appeared!"
    image: https://placekittens.com/450/250
    image_alt: "placeholder image"
    text: "This image used to be a kitten, and the text used to say \"Meow\", but then the kitten-generator broke. The image still might be a kitten, but it's no longer a guarantee."
gallery_drum:
- image_path: /assets/uh323/drum/front.jpg
  url: /assets/uh323/drum/front.jpg
- image_path: /assets/uh323/drum/1.jpg
  url: /assets/uh323/drum/1.jpg
- image_path: /assets/uh323/drum/2.jpg
  url: /assets/uh323/drum/2.jpg
- image_path: /assets/uh323/drum/3.jpg
  url: /assets/uh323/drum/3.jpg
- image_path: /assets/uh323/drum/back.jpg
  url: /assets/uh323/drum/back.jpg
---

This book was another disaster. Starting with being isolated from tools due to TSA regulations and ending in COVID-19, the ways this book has been delayed are certainly not few and far between.

Once again, the idea of this book was to tell a story from music expressed in art.

Yes, art.

We know exactly how bad I am at art.

So, like always, I found a creative way to not have to draw anything: my story was inspired by space exploration, which allowed me to reuse some old cover paper to make my two-page spreads. I then decided to emphasize this theme by titling the book as I did. The song behind this book, [Sail Away by TheFatRat and Laura Brehm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWOuuwrREh0) (and this one's not a rickroll, promise!), is one that I frequently listen to in class while not paying attention to lectures that I don't understand (physics is hard!), and instead daydream about science fiction novels (among other topics), so I thought it fitting to add a small spaceship to each page.

If you're a math person, I've modeled the motion over the positive part of the inverse tangent function. However, I also didn't do a good job at it, so a keen eye could claim it modeled after a logarithm, hyperbolic function, rational function, or if you're feeling brave, a polynomial interpreted between six points.

As a book made off of materials that I had on-hand rather than dozens of hours of drawing, the two-page spread imagery may be familiar. Specifically, from UH 223, the [Ethiopian binding](/uh223/2024-04-10-etheopian) used some of the artwork as cover art, and the image pack has been my go-to cover art image pack for the last few years.

If I were to do this again, I'd probably scrap the design as a whole. I wasn't too fond of how the overall progression feels, and I don't feel that it portrays a story that well. I'm not sure where I'd get the artwork to do so, though. I'd also use a layer or two of cardstock to thicken the individual pages before binding - the pages in this book felt unreasonably thin. Lastly, I would like to use one of the fancier cover designs. I wasn't able to justify it on this (as my normal cover paper wouldn't fit the book block contents), but the simple wrap-around cover feels flimsy and low-quality on this book.

Oh, and I wouldn't accidentally spill water on the back of the book once it's finished.

{% include gallery id="gallery_drum" caption="My Drum Leaf Book" %}
